[Autogenerated] I found it helpful to get the lay of the land,
so to speak,
of what the hosting options are on AWS before choosing
which one to use to publish my application.
So I'll begin here with a quick overview for you.
First is Amazon s three a name I had heard so many times over the
years but never knew what it was or what s three stood for and s
three stands for simple storage service.
This is a managed key value storage service on AWS that
you can use to store binary objects, whatever you choose.
Images, documents, data, backups, blobs anything.
AWS itself also uses s three as the storage behind many of its own services.
One of those is Amazon E C two,
which stands for elastic Compute cloud get it if for
elastic and see two for compute and Cloud E.
C two is a service that provides re sizable.
And that's why it's called elastic.
Compute capacity and easy to instance, is a virtual machine.
The next service to be aware of is elastic beanstalk elastic.
Being stuck is a service that makes it easy for you to deploy your
abs to AWS and it takes care of a lot of the decisions about
provisioning and resource is on your behalf.
I think the being stock reference is to the nursery tale Jack and the Beanstalk,
because when you publish an app, it travels up the beanstalk to the cloud,
and I find it more entertaining to make this
supposition than to go research the name,
so we'll leave it at that.
It's smart to be aware of the cost of working in AWS and
keeping within the boundaries of your free tier.
So I want to point out how the deployment will be
doing relates to the free tier.
To begin with elastic beanstalk,
upload your application assets into an S three bucket and then
deploys the application from there into an E.
C.
Two instance that means you'll be using both of these.
Resource is with a free tier.
You get 750 hours of compute time per month on easy to and like RTs that
last for the 1st 12 months of your free tier subscription.
It's also good to know that you get five gigabytes of standard as
three storage along with a three tier and elastic beanstalk is just
the means by which your application is deployed and there's no
extra charge for using that.
So if you're following the demo,
you shouldn't have to worry about going beyond the free to your limits.
I also want to quickly mention containers while talking about hosting on AWS,
even though we won't be using containers until later on.
In this course, there are two container services.
One is E.
C s or elastic container service,
which is Amazon's own container orchestration service for docker containers.
The other is E.
K s or elastic, who bernetti service where you can use kubernetes toe,
orchestrate your containers and alongside those is Amazon Fargate,
which takes care of a lot of the management that you would otherwise
need to do if you were using CCS or eks directly.
I'll explain more about this when we get to that later module,
where will be using fargate to deploy our application into a container on AWS?
Okay, so now, as we move forward with publishing an application,
you have a better idea of where that application is going. When it goes into the AWS cloud